docs: fix typos in effect (#97)
zerobias/effector: docs/api/effector/Effect.md

### <a id='use'></a>[`use(thunk)`](#use)

Provides a function, which will be called when an effect is triggered.

> It will replase the previous function inside if there is one,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will replace the previous function inside (if any).
```

#### Arguments

> There can only be one argument and the function receives `params`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> (_`thunk`_): Function, that receive arguments passed to effect call

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(_`thunk`_): Function, that receives the first argument passed to an effect call
```

#### Arguments

> (_`watcher`_): Function that receives `params` and `effect name`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(_`watcher`_): A function that receives `params` and `effect name`
```

#### Returns

> (_`Subscription`_): Function that unsubscribes the watcher

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(_`Subscription`_): A function that unsubscribes the watcher
```

Event triggered with object of `params` and `error`:

(_`params`_): An argument passed to effect call

> (_`error`_): An error catched from thunk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(_`error`_): An error catched from the thunk
```
